Documentation: Clarify all llama3 recipes (#857)
pytorch/torchtune: README.md

torchtune supports fine-tuning for the Llama3 8B and 70B models. We currently support LoRA, QLoRA and Full-finetune on a single GPU as well as LoRA and Full fine-tune on multiple devices for the 8B model, and LoRA on multiple devices for the 70B model. For all the details, take a look at our [tutorial](https://pytorch.org/torchtune/stable/tutorials/llama3.html).

In our initial experiments for Llama3-8B, QLoRA has a peak allocated memory of ``~9GB`` while LoRA on a single GPU has a peak allocated memory of ``~19GB``. To get started, you can use our default configs to kick off training. 

### Single GPU

Full 8B

```bash
tune run full_finetune_single_device --config llama3/8B_full_single_device

> ```

Reviewer: A bit of a nit: but, I'd push this below LoRA and QLoRA since this won't run under 24GB (yet :)).

Author: Done

LoRA 8B

```bash
tune run lora_finetune_single_device --config llama3/8B_lora_single_device
```

QLoRA 8B

```bash
tune run lora_finetune_single_device --config llama3/8B_qlora_single_device
```

### Multi GPU

Full 8B

```bash

> tune run --nproc_per_node 2 full_finetune_distributed --config llama3/8B_full

Reviewer 2: Actually while you're in here can you set the default for full to run on 4 devices and the default for LoRA to run on 2 devices? That way it will match our recommended usage in the configs [here](https://github.com/pytorch/torchtune/blob/9b2be355a9d0b5a5bcd917cffb55812635763a74/recipes/configs/llama3/8B_full.yaml#L9) and [here](https://github.com/pytorch/torchtune/blob/9b2be355a9d0b5a5bcd917cffb55812635763a74/recipes/configs/llama3/8B_lora.yaml#L9).

Author: Done

```

LoRA 8B

```bash
tune run --nproc_per_node 4 lora_finetune_distributed --config llama3/8B_lora
```

LoRA 70B

```bash
tune run --nproc_per_node 8 lora_finetune_distributed --config recipes/configs/llama3/70B_lora.yaml
```

> Also See: [All llama3 recipes](recipes/configs/llama3)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can find a full list of all our Llama3 configs [here.](recipes/configs/llama3)
```
